---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "seq_settings Resource - terraform-provider-seq"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to manage system settings.
---

# seq_settings (Resource)

Use this resource to manage system settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "seq_settings" "example" {
  require_api_key_for_writing_events = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **authentication_provider** (String) The authentication provider to use. Allowed values are `Active Directory`, `Azure Active Directory` and `OpenID Connect`.
- **automatic_access_ad_group** (String) The name of an Active Directory group within which users will be automatically be granted user access to Seq.
- **automatically_provision_authenticated_users** (Boolean) If `true`, users authenticated with the configured authentication provider be automatically granted default user access to Seq.
- **azuread_authority** (String) The AAD authority. The default is `login.windows.net`.
- **azuread_client_id** (String) The Azure Active Directory client id.
- **azuread_client_key** (String) The Azure Active Directory client key.
- **azuread_tenant_id** (String) The Azure Active Directory tenant id.
- **backup_location** (String) Server-local filesystem location where automatic backups are stored.
- **backup_utc_time_of_day** (String)
- **backups_to_keep** (Number) The UTC time of day to record new backups.
- **check_for_package_updates** (Boolean) If `true`, Seq will periodically check configured NuGet feed for updated versions of installed app packages.
- **check_for_updates** (Boolean) If `true`, Seq will periodically check for new Seq versions.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **instance_title** (String) A friendly, public, human-readable title identifying this particular Seq instance.
- **is_authentication_enabled** (Boolean) If `true`, the server has authentication enabled.
- **minimum_free_storage_space** (Number) The minimum storage space, in bytes, on the disk containing log events, before Seq will stop accepting new events.
- **minimum_password_length** (Number)
- **new_user_role_ids** (String) A comma-separated list of role ids that will be assigned to new users by default.
- **new_user_show_dashboard_ids** (String) A comma-separated list of (shared) dashboard ids that will be included in any new user's personal default workspace.
- **new_user_show_query_ids** (String) A comma-separated list of (shared) SQL query ids that will be included in any new user's personal default workspace.
- **new_user_show_signal_ids** (String) A comma-separated list of (shared) signal ids that will be included in any new user's personal default workspace.
- **openid_connect_authority** (String) If using OpenID Connect authentication, the URL of the authorization endpoint.
- **openid_connect_client_id** (String) If using OpenID Connect, the client id assigned to Seq in the provider.
- **openid_connect_client_secret** (String) If using OpenID Connect, the client secret assigned to Seq in the provider.
- **openid_connect_end_session_redirect_uri** (String)
- **openid_connect_scopes** (String) If using OpenID Connect, the scopes Seq will request when authorizing the client, as a comma-separated list. For example, `openid, profile, email`.
- **password_required_character_classes** (String)
- **raw_event_maximum_content_length** (Number) The maximum size, in bytes of UTF-8-encoded JSON, beyond which individual events will be rejected.
- **raw_payload_maximum_content_length** (Number) The maximum size, in HTTP request content bytes, beyond which ingestion requests will be rejected.
- **require_api_key_for_writing_events** (Boolean) If `true`, ingestion requests incoming via HTTP must be authenticated using an API key or logged-in user session. Only effective when `is_authentication_enabled` is `true`.
- **theme_styles** (String) A snippet of CSS that will be included in the front-end's user interface styles.


